c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
c:\users\yutida\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\built-test-27.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\27.4.21-V1\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\29.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\30.4.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\04.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\11.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\Desktop\TE-InformationSystem\backup\24.5.21\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutida\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
C:\Users\yutidap\source\repos\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CopyComplete
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Backup\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
D:\Projects\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll.config
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Information_System.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ClosedXML.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Quartz.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.csproj.CopyComplete
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.dll
I:\08 Information System Department\03 Development Section\00_ALL_FILE_PROJECT\Information_System\Information_System\obj\Debug\Information_System.pdb
